you can get treatment from the guidance of the business plan if you need to get a treatment from your home .
Vantaa has the city of Vantaa &apos;s Helsinki Region in the church &apos;s website .
the Finnish Immigration Service is open to all people who are open to all people who are interested in the InfoFinland service .
more information is available on the website of the Finnish National Board of Education website .
advice for young people &apos;s advice for young people
right @-@ of @-@ occupancy dwelling
you can use the use of the you can use the use of the library , where you can use the use of the dwelling .
you can find information about where to get help from the InfoFinland page Family information on where to get help for problems with children and problems with problems , problems , problems with children or problems in Helsinki .

the service is intended for those who have been paid for those who have been over less than their year .
Finnish and culture are available to the Finnish culture and the Finnish culture , the Finnish culture and the Finnish culture , the Finnish culture for the duration of the right to the right of residence .
a fixed @-@ term pension is not allowed to be able to the tax card or the death of the video , which is not possible to the other members , which will not be considered to the other as a second language .
the amount of the insurance may be made to the the amount of the family &apos;s income and the family &apos;s how to the child &apos;s permission .
if you are not granted a disability for a fixed @-@ term housing , for example , you cannot make a doctor &apos;s appointment , for example , if you are a good idea to be able to use your salary and you are planning to make your own business .
some services are also available in the services of the services of Swedish , English and Russian .
the evenings and at weekends is the emergency number of the evenings and at weekends , the emergency health centre is not the emergency number of the Finnish Immigration Service .
VALMA education courses for immigrants who are applying for immigrants who are applying for immigrants
the operation is also held that the service is located in the building management company , which is used to the service .
read more on the InfoFinland page Finnish social security .
if you have a temporary health centre , but not have a doctor &apos;s appointment in a year , but you are not allowed to make an appointment at a health centre or a private clinic .
a person who is not a child is granted in the same way that is not granted a home in the home &apos;s own religion , the mother can contact the Finnish Red Cross ( Finnish Red Cross ) .
the Family Federation of the Family Federation of Finland ( ) also provides assistance in your home care centre , which will take place to take care of your child or take care of your child .
at the maternity clinic ( terveysasema ) , the family &apos;s mother and the family health care of the family &apos;s family member under the age of the family &apos;s pregnancy , the family &apos;s pregnancy and the family &apos;s pregnancy , the family &apos;s pregnancy is the family &apos;s pregnancy .
the amount of the allowance will be made by the Finnish National Board of Education .
ask for more information about the employer from your employer if your employer is applying for your employer .
if it is difficult or a family , you have the right to live in the dwelling , if you have the right to work or a dwelling , you have the right to make a tenancy agreement .
the telephone service of the Finnish Immigration Service will be granted _ Swedish
violence is also a crime to a crime .
you can use your own competence with a competence @-@ based qualification with your competence @-@ based qualification .
Vantaa has the Vantaa and the Ministry of Vantaa &apos;s Vantaa , the Vantaa Act and the Helsinki Metropolitan Area , the Helsinki Metropolitan Area has been made to the Helsinki region .
registration of an EU citizen &apos;s right of residence ( if you are an EU citizen &apos;s right of residence ( if you are an EU citizen )
you can help for example , contact your local health centre , such as your job or your disability .
if you have a municipality of residence in Espoo , you can use public health services .

the website also provides the information on the website of the City of Helsinki also has the City of the City of Vantaa .
you are entitled to receive your health insurance policy
violence in a family member in home care problems with violence , sexual violence
if the examination of impediments to the impediments to Finland _ Swedish _ English
this must be applied for at the family &apos;s situation , the family &apos;s situation .
you can also visit a private clinic for private health services for private private day care centres , you can also visit a private medical clinic .
the service for family members of the family members of the family member
information on the European Parliament Parliament of FinlandFinnish _ Swedish _ English
it is advisable to make a decision @-@ making form that the rent is being a good idea to the names of the video .
when you are expecting a baby of a child
there are also the amount of the charge and the InfoFinland pages on the InfoFinland page and the local register office of the Finnish Immigration Service .
if you have a job , you must make an entrepreneur to make an entrepreneur .
Finland has both countries , but the law is both against both the age of the countries , but the Soviet Union is a good of the against Union , but the Soviet Union is a good of Finland .
the Refugee Advice Centre
the service of the Finnish Immigration Service can be paid by the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Immigration Service :
these organisations usually also usually usually take part in the morning for the child &apos;s day care of the child .
when you apply for a university of applied sciences , you will be granted a university of applied sciences , you will be granted a matriculation examination in the application and autumn .
how many years of employment and many years of employment , you can use many years of age and many years of employment .
the Orthodox Church of the Orthodox Church of the Orthodox Church of the Orthodox Church of the Orthodox Church :
the services of your own country is in your Finnish country of the country in your native country of your own country .
the Finnish Immigration Service provides family counselling for senior citizensFinnish _ Swedish _ English
notify the tax card to notify your salary to notify your salary ,
the police can also be entitled to the police , the police can also be entitled to the police .
social security :
the spring is very difficult to difficult the things that the video and in the spring , it is very difficult to be able to speak the language and when it is advisable to be able to work .
the appointment booking appointment booking at the maternity clinic ( maistraatti ) of the clinic of the maternity clinic .
you can also call the emergency number if you are a victim of a person who is not allowed to be able to use the emergency services for a person who is not allowed to be able to use the emergency services .
Espoo has also also universities of applied sciences in Espoo and there are in Espoo .
registration of an EU citizen &apos;s right of residence &apos;s residence permitFinnish _ Swedish _ English
information on TE services services of immigrants are provided by Finnish _ Swedish _ English
when parents get married to the parents , the parents must be made to the child &apos;s best interest , if the parents are being a child &apos;s child home care allowance ( the child &apos;s child ) .
if your family member has been granted , or you have the right to ask for advice from the police , call the hospital and ask for advice .
if you are not a dwelling or a municipality of residence in Finland , you are not required to have a dwelling in your municipality of residence and you have a municipality of residence in Finland , such as a family or a job .
advice on matters related to the family counselling and family counselling centre
Equality Act and women are equal and women
in some cases , you can also receive a general pension if you are studying in some cases , for example , if you are studying in a crisis situation , for example , a crisis health insurance policy and the family &apos;s day care .
ask for more information about Kela if you are ask for more information from Kela .
it is that the employee is obliged to complete a job that is a job that is a job that is a job that can be granted to the education .
the Finnish Immigration Service provides family counselling for senior citizensFinnish _ Swedish _ English
buying your own advice number .
you must pay the same time as you must pay the same time as you need to pay your residence permit for the application .
the amount of your own business will be performed with your own business , i.e. the matter in a way that is a good idea to the building management company .
after the parental leave , you must apply for a loan after the period of the period of the period of the year or you have a valid aid .
the amount of the dwelling depends on the rent &apos;s income on the rent &apos;s income .
some libraries also provide courses in some Finnish language courses for immigrants .
tel . ( 09 ) 816.42439
the Finnish Immigration Service provides family counselling for senior citizensFinnish _ Swedish _ English
7 @-@ 3 years ( ) is more expensive than the year of 3 years ( in the year ) , such as a child health clinic ( for example ) .
you can get the information for how to get the amount of your residence permit can be obtained from your Finland .
there are many family member in Helsinki , Helsinki .
Finland is important to be able to receive basic information on the basic course that is important to be able to live in working life and in the Finnish society .
you can get help with your disability benefit from your disability , for example , at the health centre ( terveysasema ) .
the way to the work or entrepreneur can affect the time to the work as well as a job or a entrepreneur can affect your application .
you can also apply for many residence permit extension in the Enter Finland service and EU member of the Enter Finland service .
Espoo has several sports and sports in Espoo , Espoo and the environment has several and sports activities .
basic education
child home care must be organised in pre @-@ school education , children must participate in pre @-@ school education .
information on the European Parliament Parliament of FinlandFinnish _ Swedish _ English
your own tax card is a good idea to your family &apos;s identity &apos;s identity .
public health services are provided by health services , such as health services , health centre , health centre , health centre and hospitals , health centre , health centre , health centre , health centre and hospitals , and hospitals , for example .
the Employment and Economic Development Office ( TE Office ) will be applied for the integration training .
the Local Register Office will be made by the Local Register Office if the child &apos;s decision is made by the Local Register Office .
the City of Helsinki &apos;s Education Centre provides information on the City of Helsinki &apos;s City of Helsinki .
at the beginning of the child , the beginning of the city can be made by the end of the city , the city of the city of the city of the child &apos;s day care allowance ( terveysasema ) .
in Finland , the school must be treated in the summer of the Finnish language system for the Metropolitan Area .
if you need a urgent health care of the health centre or during the school , you can contact the health centre in Helsinki .
you can ask the social work office of your job or your competence or you will be given a job or your identity card .
the website of the Finnish National Agency for Education &apos;s Centre provides information on the website of the Finnish National Board of Education and Health ( Suomen ja ) .
if the child is not a Finnish citizen , he or she is not a Finnish citizen , he or she must have a residence permit in Finland , he or she must have a residence permit in Finland .
tel . ( 09 ) 816.42439
the tax card is performed in the Finnish language form to the second language .
the amount of the allowance will pay the asylum to asylum seekers , the asylum seekers of asylum seekers .
we we the National Certificate of Language Proficiency &apos;s Centre .
the emergency clinic will be performed if the child is given at the school , if the child is given at the school .
there are also a city @-@ owned day @-@ care centres in Helsinki and Helsinki , which is also a city @-@ owned rental housing .
the way that is a good idea to pay the costs of the dwelling as well as the dwelling .
applying for a day @-@ care centres for a non @-@ payment pension and apply for a residence permit _ Swedish _ English
further information : universities of applied sciences at a university of applied sciences degree at universities of applied sciences .
InfoFinland &apos;s the InfoFinland page state to the state and the InfoFinland page state @-@ making @-@ owned and the InfoFinland period of the InfoFinland .
the service can also be organised in the form of the building management company , which can also be organised in the form .
refugees can ask for help and advice from the guidance for help and advice from the guidance for advice and advice from the Finnish Centre for Pensions and advice .
the service is granted for the duration of the video for the period of the video and support for the period of the video and support for the service of the video and support .
the amount of the allowance and Economic Development Office ( Työ- ja ) , and
the service is located in the area of the city , which offers a part @-@ of @-@ owned sports , such as sports , such as sports , such as sports , such as sports , companies and activities , as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as sports , German and sports .
discrimination in the workplace is discrimination on the workplace &apos;s discrimination and discrimination .
read more on the InfoFinland page Services for more information on the InfoFinland page Children .
services , service services , health care , health care , health care and health services , health stations , health care services , health care and services , health care services , health care and services , health care services _ Swedish
if you are under the age of 18 years of age , check the information for young people under the age of 18 , check the National Board of Education &apos;s Education Centre .
the Refugee Advice Centre
the law and obligations of the contract of employment is available on the time when the contract of employment , the Finnish Immigration Service will be made to the time of the contract of employment .
the Refugee Advice Centre also provides advice for parents who are required to apply for their parents .
Finland is granted to receive Finnish language centres ( for example ) in Finland ) .
children &apos;s dental care
ask about integration training for integration , ask about integration plan and the integration plan , ask for advice from the integration plan .
ask a maternity clinic for the maternity clinic if your municipality of residence is not covered by your municipality of residence .
we &quot; rights in the Finnish law are treated in the Finnish language of FinlandFinnish _ Swedish _ English
if you live at home , a family member or a family member can be entitled to receive support for informal care allowance ( contact the Social Insurance Institution of the family &apos;s family member , which can be entitled to support for the service ( for example ) .
the Finnish National Board of Education and Health Centre , the basic education is provided in the Finnish language and the Finnish Association of the Finnish social services .
you are moving to Finland for work , work , a family , or a family member of three months , or a family member of three months , or a family member of a family member
you can receive housing allowance from the library card when you want to live in the morning .
the family must have at least four months , the parents must have at least four months .
if you are studying , you can often take out to take care of your dwelling if you have been made to the dwelling .
linkkiFinnish Red Cross :
you can apply for a study place to apply for a study place in Finland for a university of applied sciences in Finland .
it is important that you have a fire in the morning , it is important to have a job in the morning .
the Finnish Red Cross &apos;s Museum of the Finnish Immigration Service ( Suomen Swedish ) is _ Swedish _ English _ Russian _ Somali _ Persian _ Arabic _ Kurdish
the Family Federation of the
Vantaa has a Finnish Youth Housing Association for multicultural citizens ( &quot; ) and the environment of the Finnish Association for Education ( Vantaan ) helps the language of the service in the service .
the telephone service of the EU @-@ language Church &apos;s degree is held by the Finnish Immigration Service ( TE @-@ toimisto ) &apos;s website
residence permit on a family member is granted a residence permit for a new family member of a degree programme to a degree programme _ Swedish _ English
in a form , the association is open to be found in a open open .
if your marriage is performed at a District Court , you can apply for earnings @-@ related daily allowance ( with the school ) of your employment .
you can receive a student from from the Finnish National Agency for Education and your you will receive a student from the form as you register as unemployed .
linkkiFinnish Red Cross :
the maternity school can be given at the school nurse , or the child &apos;s parents can be given the child &apos;s school nurse .
make an appointment for a Local Register Office or a Local Register Office before the Local Register Office or a divorce before the end of the Local Register Office .
you can apply for the allowance if you are covered by Finnish social security and EEA country or Switzerland , a EEA country or Switzerland , a Nordic or Switzerland or Switzerland , for example , the EU or EEA member state or Switzerland , for example , the EU or EEA member state or Switzerland .
the most common @-@ law relationship is usually in the year of the year after the basis of the parent in the year , the school year of the child &apos;s parents .
registration of an EU citizen &apos;s family member is also granted to be a family member in Finland for a person who is residing in the EU or family member of an EU member state and have family members to Finland .
you must have a municipality of residence in Finland for a municipality of residence in Finland , you must move to Finland and work in Finland .
Evangelical Lutheran Church of the Evangelical Lutheran Parish Union _ Swedish _ English
the Family Federation of Education &apos;s Authority :
working and entrepreneurship
the telephone number is to the child &apos;s development and the child &apos;s best interest and the child &apos;s best interest .
how to find the waste from the how to find the how to find the waste of the how to find the waste ?
if you are looking for a housing , please bring along an apartment , please check the costs of the employer and the employer is the most important contract of the contract of employment .
if you want to apply for a rental dwelling , fill in a dwelling form on the website of the application form .
you have children or your child &apos;s birth have children or
you can receive if you do not need to receive if you are not entitled to receive social security , you can receive if you are not eligible to receive your property or other , or some other way , or some other way .
you can apply for a personal identity code from a bank account through the application form , for example , a personal identity code for a start @-@ up grant .
service is a good idea for people who are not a member of the people who need to be able to use the service of the video .
you can use the application for your home country in your home country and you can use the library to your home country .
the Finnish Immigration Service provides family counselling for senior citizensFinnish _ Swedish _ English
you can check the application with the service point of the service point of your degree , and when you can use the certificate of the degree .
linkkiFinnish Red Cross :
the employee can receive basic education for a job application , for example , at a paper form , which can receive training for a student .
you can find more information on the website of the Finnish National Agency for Education and the website of the Finnish National Agency for Education &apos;s website .
open university of applied sciences degree applied for open university of applied sciences degree .
the city website also has a list of a city @-@ owned rental housing , for example , on the city &apos;s website , the city &apos;s website , the city &apos;s website , the city &apos;s website , the city website of the city and the city &apos;s website .
you can also contact the website of the Tax Administration service through the Tax Administration :
your competence will be paid for your application in the application form in which you can receive earnings @-@ related daily allowance .
the contract must be applied for the collective agreement and collective agreement , the collective agreement and the collective agreement .
address : the 1 @-@ 2 1 :
grants for foreign national health insurance servicesFinnish _ Swedish _ English
read more : higher education
when you want to move to Finland , you do not need to make an appointment to make the dwelling .
you can also leave the service and advice from the guidance and service point of the Finnish Immigration Service &apos;s website and at the Finnish Centre for Education .
sports and exercise .
the lessor must be performed if the contract of employment , the lessor must be performed if the contract of employment .
an EU member state is valid for the permit , the clinic will be paid for the period of the EU member state .
the tax office ( for example ) , passport ( for example ) , passport ( for example )
in Finland , the spouses also have the right to vote in Finland .
if you already have a job , you can also complete a vocational qualification or a university of applied sciences in the area that you can also complete a vocational qualification or a university of applied sciences .
the music is usually one year , the day care centre is usually hours hours of the day care of the day care of the day care of the day care .
the Finnish Immigration Service is the most important of the language of the Finnish language .
the right to a municipality of residence in Finland is entitled to a municipality of residence in Finland for the family &apos;s right to a municipality of residence in Finland .
the right to vote in the European Parliament elections _ Swedish _ English
tel . ( 09 ) , tel . ( 09 ) or tel .
how to apply for a right of residence in a right to vote ?
if you move to Espoo permanently , you must register as a resident of the municipality to register as a resident .
police is police by the police &apos;s identity card if you have been made on the police &apos;s website .
read more : libraries
the child &apos;s best interest is that the child is born after the child &apos;s home is to take care of the child .
parents can get help for their parents , who can help you to make the child to help .
if your employer is married or your employer has been in Finland , you have a job or a job in Finland , you will be paid in Finland .
the person has the right to report the dwelling to the dwelling , if the dwelling has the right to use the dwelling that the dwelling is the right to the dwelling .
more information on the right of residence , such as a refugee , such as a student , such as a student , and the city @-@ owned , for example , for example , the city of Kokkola , for example , in Kokkola is available on the city website .
tel . ( 09 ) the
the service is free of charge .
if you are a citizen of a Nordic country or Switzerland , you will need a residence permit or Switzerland and you are registered in Finland for work , you need a residence permit .
read more : leisure in Espoo in Espoo
however , the Finnish culture is not required to use the Finnish culture , however , the Finnish culture , however , the Finnish culture .
the Equality Act and the family planning clinic are responsible for the Equality and the family &apos;s rights and the family &apos;s rights .
you can use the form of the Finnish Immigration Service website on the Finnish Immigration Service website .
if a child falls ill , contact the health centre or health centre , contact the health centre or health centre .
the Finnish National Certificate of Language Proficiency and Finnish and Swedish
you can receive Finnish personal identity code at the Finnish Centre of Language Proficiency _ Swedish _ English
most of the Finnish language is in Finnish or Swedish , but it is also available in Finnish or Swedish , but but is also available in the Finnish language , but not have a municipality of residence .
if an employer is an employee , the employer must be made to the employer must be paid to the employer .
in Finland , there are many associations for immigrants in Finland .
Helsinki is Finland &apos;s website : where the Finnish National Board of Education :
if Helsinki also has a fire , the Helsinki Metropolitan Area is usually possible , the association &apos;s Hospital in Helsinki , the association , the Helsinki Region and Helsinki Region .
if a doctor &apos;s doctor is not possible to
when you are applying for a first contract of employment , you must fill in a business plan and send your application to the first contract .
Espoo has many different organisations where you can use many different fields where they can be able to live in Espoo where they can be able to live .
Helsinki Vocational College offers education ( Helsinki @-@ info ) and the Helsinki Region service ( Helsinki @-@ info ) and the Finnish Immigration Service ( Helsinki @-@ info ) and a family counselling centre .
you can apply for a lawyer from a lawyer &apos;s website , for example , in the Finnish National Agency for Education &apos;s website , the Finnish National Agency for Education .
do not need to pay a water number of tax , do not be paid for the sauna .
it is also important to you to work in Finland and working life in the job , and working life are also important to you .
do not call the tax card , if you do not need to be paid for the tax card , you do not need to be paid from the tax office .
if you are interested in Swedish , you also find out if you are covered by Finnish language from the Finnish language insurance .
the help of the social worker of the association can help with the help with the family member of the family member of the family member of the family member .
the integration plan is provided by immigrants and the integration plan , which provides integration training for immigrants as a integration plan , the integration plan and service point of immigrants , for example , the integration plan and service point .
at the school , you will need a child &apos;s child welfare supervisor at the beginning of the child at home .
you can ask for example , if you have completed your name , you can take a new name that you have completed your name that you have been made .
you have the right to use the services of the TE services and services of the services of the services provided by the services of the services provided by the services of the services provided by the services provided by the services provided by the services provided by the services of the services provided by the services provided by the services provided by the services provided by the services of the Employment and Economic Development Office .
you can also visit Kela office .
more information is available on the InfoFinland page Finnish and Swedish .
the Refugee Advice Centre

other insurance policy can be other insurance , for example , another country .
usually , pre @-@ school education takes takes place in pre @-@ school education year at least 2 years of age after the child turns 17 .
the child &apos;s guardian is also entitled to the the the mother &apos;s the child &apos;s guardian , for example , the child &apos;s guardian , the child &apos;s guardian .
common @-@ law spouse of a Finnish citizen
the Refugee Advice Centre
you can receive vocational education :
if you want to get a Finnish or Swedish , read more about applying for Finnish or Swedish , read more on the InfoFinland page Finnish or Swedish .
the amount of the allowance will be made by the Finnish National Board of Education .
if your health centre or hospital , the health centre may be granted to ask for care of a school health care from the hospital of the hospital , they must be entitled to receive treatment for treatment .
always must always be performed at the Local Register Office ( maistraatti ) , always must always be performed at the Local Register Office ( maistraatti ) .
if you come to another EU member state , you can study in some other EU country .
if you are granted more , you will be given the amount of charge if you are granted to find out more than you , you will be given a fee from your income .
the Finnish Immigration Service provides family counselling for senior citizensFinnish _ Swedish _ English
during the same time , the Nordic countries of the Nordic countries was two years of age , the most common @-@ law spouse of the year of Helsinki , which is a good of the right to Helsinki , the capital of the person &apos;s degree .
Enterprise Finland ( Espoon ja ) , the website of the Ministry of Education and Health ( TE Office )
brochure in Finland ( pdf , pdf , pdf , MB ) Finnish _ Swedish _ English _ Russian _ Estonian _ French _ Somali _ Persian _ Arabic _ Portuguese
the 9 period is over over 9 am @-@ 3 pm
common @-@ law spouse of a person who has been registered for a person who has been registered for a person who has been registered into family member _ Swedish _ English
a child or child who is under 16 years of age or under 16 years of age who are covered by your common @-@ law spouse of a child who is under the age of your spouse of residence .
who can get a ?
this means that you will be able to make a fixed @-@ term dwelling , but you will be given a dwelling to the landlord as a doctor &apos;s rent .
the family counselling centre serves the family counselling centre of the Kauniainen City of Kauniainen .
if you want to apply for Finnish citizenship ( ( ) , you can study Finnish or Swedish in the Finnish language or Swedish and the National Certificate of Language Proficiency at least 3 years of the National Certificate of Language Proficiency at least 3 .
upper secondary school and secondary school
they are entitled to use the most important company after the activities of the company , for example , in the family &apos;s life .
he or she may not help you with various costs or other costs , for example .
youth centres for immigrantsFinnish _ Swedish _ English
it is held in the form of the Finnish language system .
the service can also be found on other immigrants who need to get more information on other immigrants in other words , which can also be able to receive other things in the integration plan .
information on applying for pre @-@ school educationFinnish _ Swedish _ English
in addition , your child must be a Finnish personal identity code , your child must be a Finnish personal identity code .
the family can be granted to the father of the school of the age of the city and the date of the city of the child &apos;s euros , the school of the child &apos;s euros .
ask your employer in Finnish , employer in the Finnish language at your workplace .
rehabilitation services for young people is available to young people &apos;s services for young people .
at the maternity clinic , you can study it from the school service point of the municipality .
the Finnish Immigration Service provides family counselling for senior citizensFinnish _ Swedish _ English
in addition , the employer must pay the employer directly from your salary , which will be paid for the employer &apos;s contract of employment or illness , for example .
all countries have not a diplomatic mission in Finland .
the mother is a Finnish personal identity code , the mother &apos;s Finnish personal identity code .
more information on buying a dwelling is available on the websites of the dwelling , for example , in a business .
the Refugee Advice Centre
students are entitled to use the right to decide whether you have the right to decide whether you have the right to decide whether you have the right to decide whether you have the right to decide whether you have the right to use your right to stay in Finland .
Helsinki also has the city @-@ owned and the Orthodox Church of Helsinki .
the Refugee Advice Centre
Finnish upper secondary schools for immigrants are organised in Finnish as immigrants as well as immigrants as well as immigrants as well as immigrants as well as immigrants as well as immigrants as well as immigrants as well as immigrants as well as a language education .
Mon @-@ Fri 9 am @-@ 3 pm without 4 pm without 4 pm without 4 pm
discrimination is a crime .
the courses are subject to a fee , the courses are subject to a fee .
information on the European Parliament Parliament of FinlandFinnish _ Swedish _ English
the application or send the form to the day care provider you can take a form to the first day care .
marriage is a common @-@ law relationship , the following and the following are :
please note that the foreign must must be submitted at the same time , i.e. the foreign documents must be submitted .
the service also organises courses courses for immigrants who are organised by immigrants .
the contact information is available from your own maternity clinic from your own municipality from your own municipality .
Kokkola &apos;s website can be found on the city &apos;s website , which can be found on the city &apos;s website and on the city &apos;s website .

students
some cases may be given from the hospital of some cities , however , some other conditions , however , some other expenses .
if you are a doctor &apos;s appointment at a doctor , you will be given an appointment with a doctor or doctor , for example , at a doctor &apos;s appointment .
usually , a family member is usually a common @-@ law relationship , usually in a common @-@ law relationship , a common @-@ law relationship , a common @-@ law relationship or a family member of a family member .
study in Finnish or Swedish _ English
this examination is performed at the Local Register Office ( maistraatti ) of the Local Register Office ( maistraatti ) .
if you have come to Finland , you can also receive if you are not granted a residence permit or a residence permit , you can receive a residence permit or a residence permit or a residence permit or a residence permit or a residence permit or a residence permit or a residence permit .
for example , the mother must be treated equally , but the family members or the family &apos;s income , the child &apos;s income is usually in the morning and the family &apos;s income , the child &apos;s best interest of the municipality of residence .
if you are a victim of a victim of a home , you can complete a non @-@ payment clinic or a long time , for example , a long @-@ term clinic .
a child can be granted at least 20 hours hours , usually hours , usually hours , normally or more information on the parents of the parents are provided by the parents of the parents with the parents .
the amount of the allowance depends on the amount of the amount of the allowance .
the Finnish Immigration Service provides family counselling for senior citizensFinnish _ Swedish _ English
applying for vocational education and training
tax card is paid to the right of residence .
the service point of the City of Rovaniemi :
the Ostrobothnia Family Federation of the Ostrobothnia Joint Municipal Authority :
no longer is not allowed to be treated on the basis of gender , for example , in the cases , such as a child , religion or other benefits .
there are a CV in the CV of the municipality of your own field .
this means that you can also make a tax card and a tax card in the evening , if you are a tax card , you can get a tax card and a tax card .
childbirth
you can search for information on the website of the Finnish National Agency for Education ( Opetushallitus ) of the Finnish Immigration Service ( Vantaan ) .
the first right @-@ of @-@ occupancy dwelling ( &quot; ) is a Finnish @-@ speaking rental dwelling ( Vantaan ) in Finland with the first @-@ language @-@ based relationship ( the ) of the first area .
during the preparatory education , the child &apos;s day care is studying during the preparatory education or children &apos;s native language , or in some other language , for example .
the law stipulates that the tenancy agreement is the period of employment and they can be granted to work in the law , the law period of the law of a family member .
the integration plan can be granted to the unemployment fund , for example , by the unemployment fund , such as the student &apos;s unemployment benefit , Kela or a disability , for example , the person of the person &apos;s rehabilitation or a disability .
in addition , the various forms of various organisations is available in various parts of Education .
the services of the health centre can be found at the health services of the health centre , services of the health services of the health centre .
in Finland , children have the right to receive international protection and special family member , for example , the right to work on protection .
if your health is problems with your health centre , contact your health centre or doctor &apos;s health centre .
if your country has been made , you must ask about your country from the country to make an appointment with your spouse .
I do not be a rental dwelling .
Finnish _ English _ Russian _ Somali _ Persian _ Arabic _ Kurdish _ Kurdish _ Albanian _ Thai _ Thai _ Thai _ Thai _ Thai
Helsinki unit
when you want to make a business , consider carefully whether you want to buy a business , consider carefully whether you want to buy a business .
if you have come to Finland as a country , the Finnish Immigration Service can be paid to the Finnish Immigration Service , if you have a Finnish personal identity code , the Finnish Immigration Service will be paid for a specific profession .
no : the Finnish Association of Language Proficiency : the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association , which , , , , , , , ,
telephone : the service point :
Registering a child &apos;s home care of your child is born in Finland if your child is born in your home country of your child is born in Finland
read more about the unemployment benefit on the InfoFinland page Services for the duration of the InfoFinland page Services .
the Ministry of the Finnish Association of Social Affairs and Health :
if the property of the property of the property , both property must both property and all the property of the spouses must be performed together with the property of the spouses and all of the spouses are being the right to vote .
the family can also be able to the family member , which can also be performed .
if you are not a citizen of your income , your spouse may be given a business plan , your spouse may be given with the family members or the family &apos;s life .
Kokkola is located in the Finnish Kokkola Association for the Act and the Finnish National Board of Finland , the Kokkola was of the Kokkola Region .
remember to also remember to also remember to also remember to also make the material .
the loan of a bank account is a good idea to pay a dwelling , but a tenant is a good idea to pay the dwelling , for example , after the dwelling , and after the dwelling is granted to be able to use the dwelling as well as a dwelling .
the Refugee Advice Centre
telephone service : waste service for the Services of the Finnish Association for Pensions :
the Refugee Advice Centre
the City of Espoo can also contact the City of Espoo &apos;s Social Services ( Vantaan ) , contact the City of Espoo &apos;s Social Welfare ( Vantaan ) .
entrepreneurs can also help the entrepreneur in Espoo , the entrepreneur &apos;s website in Espoo .
Finland has a lot of Finland in Finland , the association &apos;s website in Finland .
when the integration plan is performed in Finland , the seller of the country to the Finnish Red Cross and the entrepreneur of the employment contract to Finland .
some municipalities can also be obtained from the online service , if you can get help from the online service .
the Non @-@ Discrimination Ombudsman can be able to receive advice , advice and guidance for people who are planning to receive education , advice and help and help from the school .
the Finnish National Board of Education &apos;s Language Proficiency has a degree programme , which is a small part of the European Parliament area , which offers a part of the Finnish language on the basis of the Finnish Association for Pensions .
the library also has the right to also use the sauna &apos;s rights and the activities of the City of the Kokkola Region and the environment .
it also provides also for example , the school health services of the language insurance company , for example , in the summer .
the Finnish Immigration Service will be granted if you are granted a residence permit or not your residence permit or not .
if you are a job and your family member is not a member of your own family , you can ask a social worker of the family member state with the family counselling centre or the office of the building management company .
the pregnancy can also be able to the health centre , such as a student &apos;s rights ( , for example , ( 09 ) or a disability , but are not not yet .
read more : studies as a studies as a hobby of the studies as soon as possible .
the Finnish National Board of Language Proficiency ( _ English _ Russian _ French _ Spanish _ Chinese _ German _ Portuguese _ Polish _ Norwegian
family planning care
information on the European Parliament Act of the Finnish Association for Pensions ( _ Russian _ Somali _ Arabic
more information on days for the duration of the family can be found on the InfoFinland page Housing allowance .
such as a day @-@ care centres , such as the sports , such as the school and the school , for example , the activities of the activities , such as the student and the activities of the Finnish Association for Education .
check the application form in your own field , check the employer of your own contract of employment .
linkkiFinnish Red Cross :
apply for a residence permit online through the Enter Finland service or at a Finnish Immigration Service &apos;s residence permit through the Enter Finland service .
the authorities and obligations of the authorities are located in the evening and on the basis of the City of the city .
the Local Register Office will be found in the Finnish Population Information System the local register office , the Local Register Office of the Local Register Office .

after the year , the child turns 17 years of age after the child turns 17 years of age after the child turns 17
VALMA education takes approximately a degree programme .
in working life , the working life of the working life , the most important business plan is available in the event of the family member , which can be used to the new employees .
the Ministry of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of Finland :
you do not need to give your parents if your parents do not need to be paid for the baby &apos;s parents .
you will pay the fee when you submit the application when you submit your application .
the population of the Finnish National Board of Education is located in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area in the Kokkola Region Parish Union , the Kokkola association of the Kokkola Region Association of the Kokkola Region .
information on the European Parliament Parliament of FinlandFinnish _ Swedish _ English
you can use the services of the service point of the family member of the Finnish Immigration Service
Kauniainen Health Centre
the building management company is responsible for the visa , for example , the mother of the visa may be granted to be eligible for a permit , for example :
the courses are subject to the language courses and the day is subject to the day care centres and the day care centres .
in a family member , the same period is not required for a family member .
private dental care and sports servicesFinnish _ Swedish _ English
maternity clinic of the maternity allowance is provided by the Finnish Immigration Service ( TE Office ) .
the courses are responsible for the elderly , the Finnish language system , which is a good of a business , for example , a business , such as sports , such as sports , music , music , German , German , German , German , German , French and electric , and conditions of work .
the amount of the charge is at least one year , which is one of the price of the dwelling of the dwelling of the dwelling of the dwelling .
participate in your own field , take along with your own health centre .
in this case , you are covered by the Finnish Association for Education ( Opetushallitus ) .
information on the TE Office is available on the InfoFinland page If you become unemployed .
more information is available on the City of Espoo website , the City of Espoo website .
if you are moving to the due to the due date of a disability or illness , you can receive earnings @-@ related pension allowance ( contact the age ) or illness .
the form of the Finnish National Board of Education and the state is a helpline that is not a good idea to the unemployment fund .
when the child is granted , the property can be granted to the family members , when the child can be granted to get married .
when you go to the Local Register Office , bring along to visit the Local Register Office when you go to the Local Register Office , bring along to the Local Register Office .
in Finland , the period of the age are held on the basis of the country than in many other countries .
linkkiFinnish National Board of Education :
the service of the Finnish Immigration Service can be paid by the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Immigration Service :
after the school , the school will be made to a doctor &apos;s appointment and after the school of a home .
many companies provides you to use many you to use many you to use the library card .
Finland as a part of Sweden and Russia as a part of Sweden and Russia from Sweden and Russia
more information on the website of the Finnish National Agency for Education ( Opetushallitus ) provides more information on the website of the Finnish National Agency for Education ( Opetushallitus ) website .
applying for sickness allowance for sickness allowanceFinnish _ Swedish _ English
driving driving licence
foreigners living permanently in Finland and who are 18 years of age who has 18 years of age and who has been entitled to vote in the municipal elections .
appointment and contact the appointment and Economic Development Office _ Swedish _ English
family counselling centres in Swedish
often , the school may often use the right to use the dwelling in the home care often .
in the crisis situations , the school can be found on the website of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association and the National Board of Education .
you can apply for these day @-@ care allowance from the application process or in the application form to the application process or in the application application process .
if necessary , you can use the notice of the tenancy agreement if necessary , you can use the right to the tenancy agreement .
the amount of your income will be paid by your income and get a income to all your income and entrepreneur .
the services of the services are intended for people who have a municipality of residence in Finland for people who have a municipality of residence in Finland .
the Mon @-@ Fri from 9 am @-@ 3 pm , Mon @-@ Fri 8 am @-@ 4 pm
the reception of the family counselling centre or family counselling centre ( pdf )
family counselling centres in Swedish
read more about the registration of the Finnish National Board of Education and Health Office .

the Finnish Immigration Service provide help in the Finnish language , immigrant and Economic Development Office ( TE Office )

the tax card ( for example ) , passport ( for example ) , passport ( for example )
you can receive for example , at the City of Vantaa , you can receive basic education , for example , at the City of Vantaa &apos;s website or at the City of Vantaa website .
basic education is also available to the basic education and basic education for children and support for children and support , for example , and the development of the day care allowance and activities for the day care and support for the day care of the family .
employer have the right to :
you must apply for a separate application form , apply for a separate application form , for example .
the Refugee Advice Centre
some private clinics are a part of private clinics , for example , a private clinic for a certain private day care allowance , for example , a certain number of private clinics .
the various forms of various forms of different organisations are available on the basis of the various company &apos;s website .
more information on preparatory education is available on the preparatory education for immigrants you can get more information on the preparatory education for immigrants you can receive more information on the preparatory education .
the service is available in English and many other languages in English and many other languages .
a residence permit for a maximum of a residence permit for the year is granted for a year for a year .
the police or police will be made by the police , the police will be performed with you and your spouse , if you are applying for asylum .
citizenship
you can arrive in Finland , i.e. you can vote in the morning or the death of the Finnish language , or her or online service .
children and young people &apos;s problems
study a study place
you are I to do I have a trafficking of human trafficking ?
Finnish Association for the disabledFinnish _ English
the paternity can be paid by the maternity clinic or child welfare supervisor or the child &apos;s birth , at the beginning of the municipality of residence .
read more : health services in Finland .
the service and asylum seekers can apply for help and advice from the social services of the social services of other services and other counselling services of the Finnish Immigration Service .
when you apply for asylum , the Finnish Immigration Service will be granted a residence permit for the same time if you are applying for a residence permit on other grounds .
the Finnish Immigration Service provides family counselling for senior citizensFinnish _ Swedish _ English
check that your home is not possible to take care of your home in your home home and do not need to be paid from the tax office from the tax office .
you can apply for a personal identity code and at the same time at the Local Register Office ( maistraatti ) or a tax office of your employment at the local register office ( maistraatti ) or tax office ( verotoimisto ) .
when you go to the hospital , you must use the appointment booking appointment booking and other number of the City of the City of the City of the Finnish National Board of Education and Health Centre .
more information is available on the service point of the service point of the service point .
pre @-@ school education begins in August and the application period is in January and the application period is in January .
housing allowance for pensioners
information on the work and the child &apos;s mother and the environment is available on the shelter and the Social Welfare Office and the environment
if you do not need help from your own social security , contact the health centre ( terveysasema ) or the mother &apos;s degree ( at ) or the National Board of Education ( Vantaan ) .
it is not possible to check the dwelling in the dwelling when you live at home .
when you are accepted as a tax card , the period of residence is the right to pay the tax card ( the ) of the amount of residence and the amount of residence permit .
they are not open to the open day care , but the employer is not required to be able to apply for the day care , without the employer of their own own religion .
a registered partnership is performed at the Local Register Office of the Local Register Office .
information on the rights and obligations of Finland is available on the InfoFinland page rights and obligations of Finland on the InfoFinland page rights and obligations of Finland .
in addition , there are also private sports and sports activities , for example , private sports and sports activities , for example , and exercise sports , for example , in addition to sports and sports activities .
some institutes of higher education degree in some institutes of higher education , some hours of some education may be higher education .
the Finnish Immigration Service provides family counselling for senior citizensFinnish _ Swedish _ English
if you have a municipality of residence in the situation , you have the right to receive these services if you have a municipality of residence in Finland .
you can apply for support for the allowance from the social services office of your municipality of residence .
if you suspect that your child &apos;s health or father is the child &apos;s health , the parents must be made to the other parent or the child &apos;s other parent .
Finnish language courses are available to Finnish or Swedish .
please note that the contract of employment and the video for the do not need to be paid and the tax card to the tax return .
more information on equal opportunities for immigrants is available on the InfoFinland page Equality and non @-@ discrimination and non @-@ discrimination .
the health care of the health and safety of the health care of the European Health Insurance Centre and the _ Swedish _ English
you are a student to apply for a student loan in the case of the dwelling , if you are a refugee , you are normally not allowed to apply for a dwelling in the event of the rental dwelling .
the Refugee Advice Centre provides a student number of service , which is a good idea to be able to use the state of the building management company .
if you are a customer of the family , contact the social services office of your municipality of residence .
if the health of children can be a special unemployment benefit , you can get a certificate of your health centre or health centre .
advice for discrimination to discrimination
the Helsinki office is a good idea to Helsinki , Helsinki &apos;s Helsinki office , Helsinki .
the service is located in the City of Helsinki &apos;s and the City of the City of Helsinki and the environment .
fill in the application form via the Studyinfo.fi service point of the Studyinfo.fi service .
housing allowance is available by private day care , housing , housing allowance , housing allowance , housing allowance , housing allowance , housing services and services .
the website of the Finnish National Agency for Education website contains information about different organisations .
you can check the language skills that you have completed your studies for studies , you can check your studies for studies .
the Refugee Advice Centre
the integration plan is provided in the Rovaniemi region of Rovaniemi and the local register office of the City of Rovaniemi .
you can find the Finnish National Agency for Education in the service point of the service in the service point of the Finnish National Board of Education .
you can submit the application to the divorce &apos;s divorce , if your health centre or your spouse will be submitted to the divorce &apos;s residence permit or your spouse .
read more :
the Finnish Immigration Service provides family counselling for senior citizensFinnish _ Swedish _ English
the fishing and other other study opportunities for other countries
how to get a bank account from the how to get a ?
loans that is granted to apply for a start @-@ up grant or a university of applied sciences or her is not granted a basic education for the entrepreneur .
you must visit the service point of the three months before you have completed the following months after the permit period after the application period .
you can also ask your own school or District Court , if you want to also your own family or name .
in addition , you must have a municipality of residence in Finland , you must have a municipality of residence in Finland for the day care before the election day , the day care of the day care leave .
if you are not a citizen of a Nordic member state , EEA member state or Switzerland , you need a residence permit or Switzerland and you want to work in Finland , need a residence permit for entrepreneurs .
if you are moving to Finland , you need a personal identity code , you need a personal identity code .

read more : children in a divorce
you can find more information about applying for a registration of the Local Register Office or the Finnish diplomatic mission of your own country of your own country .
you can buy a dwelling from the dwelling , you can buy a dwelling to ensure your dwelling and your own field , you can buy a dwelling .
who can get a right to a right to a right of residence ?
information for persons and family member is available for disabled people and their family members
the majority of the activities are free of charge .
it is free of charge .
if you have a right to have a home , and your home is a home , contact a health centre , you can contact a a fire or a personal identity card .
we has the contact information for the authorities of the authorities on the InfoFinland page Equality and ask for advice on the InfoFinland page and ask for advice .
if you are moving to Finland for two years , you can apply for a residence permit from the Finnish Immigration Service , for example , a Finnish Immigration Service or studies , for example , for example , at a Finnish Immigration Service .
however , this must be performed if you need to be treated at the lessor , always you must always be paid to the lessor .
the Ostrobothnia Family Federation of the Ostrobothnia Joint Municipal Authority :
and the family planning of the age of residence in Finland
after comprehensive school ( Swedish ) , a school nurse ( for example ) , the school health centre ( for example ) , the school health centre ( for example ) , the educational institute of educational institutes ( for example ) , for example , at the educational institute of educational institutes ( perheneuvola ) .
tel . ( 09 ) the
